# Natives
This web app allows you to socialize in new locations by helping you find people sharing common interests with you. 
Let for example you are from Bhubaneswar and now you have moved to New Delhi recently. It introduces you to people in Delhi who share same interests as yours like interest in programming, cricket, music etc. The app also says the places people of your interest usually hangout at. Like a coding club nearby and the timings at which people meet, nearest community hall to watch cricket during the matches.
Most importantly for each topic there is a different page where discussions on that topic takes place. You answer about different queries asked by people. If people find you sociable through your answers, they will upvote you and it gets added to your profile. And each topic also shows the recent events going to take place. For example if you are a music lover you can check when is the next concert is taking place and where.
We introduce the concept of social points. Social points determine how much social you are in a particular location. Now when you move to a new location you don’t have any points. Points get increased by number of upvotes you get from different people i.e literally how much sociable you are.For any particular topic you can see people who are most sociable by looking at their social points and you can directly message them. 
After the hackathon we wish to improve the app by adding maps for the location and an option for a user to organize an event etc.
